[ Music ]
>> Lilou: Hello, my
delicious co-creators,
Lilou here on the
beautiful island of Kauai
in Hawaii, for Gaiam TV.
I'm excited to do
this new interview,
this time with Nick Good.
Hello, Nick.
>> Nick Good: Hey, Lilou, thank
you very much for inviting me.
I really appreciate it.
>> Lilou: I'm here -- we're here
on NoniLand, this beautiful lot.
A lot of people have
heard of this place,
because now you export
a lot of goodies.
>> Nick Good: Yes, yes.
>> Lilou: Huh?
How did you land here?
>> Nick Good: Well, I
originally started off
as David Wolfe's
personal trainer.
A lot of people have
heard of David Wolfe.
He's a luminary in the
royal food movement,
and the living foods,
and super foods.
And he hired me as his personal
trainer about 7 years ago.
And it wasn't so much
physical training he was after,
he was after manifesting
certain things in his life.
He had a very difficult
situation
that he was dealing
with, and he wanted
to make some forward
progress in there.
And so he hired me to
help him with that.
And we had, let's say, very
swift, very successful,
pretty miraculous
results in how quickly
that whole thing
shifted for him.
So he was very sold on Nick Good
and what I was bringing
into his life.
And so we decided just to, you
know, experiment a little bit
with out synergy,
just to see how --
what we actually
could create together.
And so we ended up very
quickly within 12 months
of knowing each other
living another one of --
both of our dreams, which was
to have a very successful book
out there, picked up by a
major publishing company.
And so which is -- we have this
book called, "Amazing Grace:
The Nine Principles of
Living in Natural Magic,"
and it was picked up
straightaway by Random House
and North Atlantic
Books Publishing
and Random House Distributing.
So that was wonderful.
And then we thought,
"Well, what else do we want?
What else do we want," you know.
He'd obviously been traveling
for a long time as well.
I'd been traveling for about 21
years, 22 years when I met him,
looking, searching,
seeking for truth,
for empowering information,
that really, really,
really can help people.
And so we decided to
sort of pool our research
and create a center in
the Hawaiian Islands.
We didn't know where it was,
we didn't have the money
to buy anything, but we decided
to come to Hawaii together,
which we did, and almost
instantaneously as soon
as we got to Kauai,
the whole thing opened
up for NoniLand here,
and 7 years later we have
this amazing facility here,
which is kind of a blend between
an agricultural research center
where we experiment with
growing a wide diversity
of tropical fruits,
plants, herbs, antigens,
all kinds of different
diverse ecosystems together,
introducing things from
all over the planet.
And we blend that with a
personal development facility.
So people come here to
discover themselves,
to empower themselves, to unfold
their innate human potential,
which is really my
favorite subject
and what I'd dedicated
my life to.
>> Lilou: And we're going
to speak about that,
because I would really love to,
you know, get the big picture
of why you're doing this
right now and why you feel all
of this is so important,
especially in these times.
>> Nick Good: Yes.
>> Lilou: And then later on we
can speak about how the food,
the body, all of
that is important
for our own spiritual awakening.
This is a big component of it.
We cannot just do the -- the
whole heart thing is beautiful,
but there is more than that,
huh, through this whole process.
It does -- how do you
feel about these times?
>> Nick Good: Well, I
feel -- I'm sort of --
I'm very real realist.
I've been traveling a long
time, and I come from kind
of like the other
side of the track.
I had a pretty rough childhood,
and used to, you know, hang --
and run around with some
wild boys, and I kind of come
from the bad boy club
coming into, you know,
the good side of things.
So I've seen a lot in
life, and I understand
and see things very clearly.
I've done a lot of traveling,
and so the realism --
I'm wholly optimistic, but not
so much based on what I see,
in terms of the way the mass
consciousness is oriented
in the world at the moment.
I feel that generally speaking
the masses are inviting calamity
upon themselves, and that most
people that are awakening are --
well let's put it this way, the
people that aren't awake yet,
that aren't grounded in really
practical physical, mental,
emotional, and spiritual
lifestyle that allows them
to move forward, ascend into a
higher version of themselves,
into an improved
version of themselves,
that they're facilitating
themselves,
they're doing it themselves.
The people that aren't
on that path already,
that are just beginning to
suspect that something's wrong,
and they might be
thinking, "Okay.
Well, I need to start
doing something about it,"
but they don't know what to do,
I feel that there's a
rude awakening coming
for those people.
And as we -- you
know, like I'm very --
got my finger on the pulse
with, you know, what's going on,
on the street in this world.
I have telephone conversations,
do consultancy for people all
over the world, emails, and
I have a website that deals
with people from all different
countries, helping them
with the challenges
that they're faced with.
And so, you know,
the pattern is clear,
that the masses still
haven't woken up.
And where -- and how
they are awakening is
through something negative.
It's the negative
manifestation of wonder;
because life is wonderful.
And the idea is, is to wake
up through the positive
manifestation of wonder.
So you feel wonderful, you
look better and better,
you become healthier, and
healthier, and healthier,
your relationships
improve, you become happier,
just for being alive,
your ability to attract
to yourself the life of your
dreams, all that kind of stuff.
That's all a positive and
manifestation of wonder.
But there's a negative
manifestation of wonder as well.
And in this world, people
are awakening to the fact
that they are the victims
of a control system,
that there are agendas,
there are hidden agendas,
there are secret agendas,
there are esoteric agendas,
and that these agendas
have been alluded to,
not just in the alternative
media and the conspiracy group
of investigators, but
also in great films.
For instance, "The Matrix" was
a very, very, very clear sort
of a pop defining
way of looking at reality.
>> Lilou: Yes.
>> Nick Good: How old is
that film now, I don't know,
but it's still extremely
relevant.
>> Lilou: Over 10 years I think.
>> Nick Good: Yes; and
communicates something,
you know, essentially
that we need to,
you know, wake up and realize.
But the enormity of the
shift of consciousness
between the normal waking
state, someone who's living
in the matrix, going to work
in the matrix is in debt
to the matrix, has
mortgages, has their family,
their children are in the --
being schooled through
the conditioning
that is the education
system in the matrix,
that eat that kind of food.
For them to awaken
out of that situation,
that's a great challenge.
That's a huge leap; a huge leap.
And you really want to be
moving along this path slowly
but surely, baby steps every
day, baby steps every day.
And it really boils down
to the way you breathe,
the way you orient your heart,
the way you honestly center
yourself in your physical body,
and literally how you live
every facet of your life.
>> Lilou: And unfortunately
there is a lot of people
that we -- as human beings
we learn through suffering,
and there is -- there's
bankruptcy,
there's people losing their
jobs, there's divorces,
diseases, that all of
a sudden makes us see
that there is something else.
I mean, I guess that's most
of having parents that died
of cancer, and you
having yourself face that,
and having to go through all
the difficulties you have,
you wouldn't be the
one that you are now.
>> Nick Good: Absolutely.
>> Lilou: So they're
definitely serving us,
and this gives us a big
huge kick in the butt,
and the option is -- the
solution is not suicide.
There is something else.
>> Nick Good: Yes, that's right.
And that's wonderful you
brought that point up,
how all of these so-called
negative manifestations do
serve us.
And evil in itself
is here to serve.
The situation that we're faced
with in the world right now is
so extreme that in
order to deal with it,
in order to transcend it,
to actually live in grace,
this book that we wrote called
"Amazing Grace," we believe
in grace, that it's
possible for you to be --
like it says in Psalm 91,
that terrible things can
happen very close to you,
right next to you, but
it won't affect you.
Like the only building that
survived the bomb blast
in Hiroshima -- I don't
know whether you ever heard
that story, but there was only
one building standing within --
close to the epicenter
of that blast,
and that was a convent,
a convent with nuns.
We hear of stories
from the Vietnam War
where a whole platoon of men
were saying Psalm 91 every day
when they were on active service
in war and never lost a man.
Not one died through that --
through saying that Psalm.
Now, I'm not giving a
religious message here,
what I'm saying is, is that
there is something very real
in life that is extremely
wonderful, and all powerful,
and it lifts you up
and keeps you safe.
And I've experienced --
I experimented and
experienced with that.
I push that into extreme
situations myself,
to test that out, to test that
theory out; because as far
as religion, and spirituality,
the word of God, and Jesus
and all that, I couldn't even
mention those words until I was,
you know, about 30 years
old, because the association
that I had with all those
words was a big stick,
and really been brutalized by
some very, very, very dark men.
[Laughs]
>> Lilou: So how do you
describe grace then?
>> Nick Good: Well, grace is --
it's a natural component
of life.
It's a natural built-in,
magical, invisible component
of life that's extremely real.
And all -- and it's kind
of like a filter, you know,
like you see -- obviously you've
traveled a lot and you've been
to -- you meet a lot of people.
A lot of individuals in
the world are interested
in personal empowerment,
becoming powerful, yes;
and they have various
means of doing that.
In the business sector, we're
coming off a period of time
where neuro-linguistic
programming has been very,
very popular.
You know, books like "How To Win
Friends and Influence People,"
manipulation, hypnosis,
how to hypnotize people,
how to be in rapport
with people, how to --
and train to their field so
they will do what you want them
to do, powerful visualization
stuff, sex magic to... you know,
a lot of these things to
get more power, more power,
more power, more power.
Lots and lots and lots
of people are doing it.
No secret, no mystery to it all.
But that only allows you to
experience a certain degree
of power and a certain
kind of power.
What we want is to actually
be living in the wonder
and the magic of life, where
things happen through ease
and grace, where you attract
things to you very, very easily.
Everything is almost effortless.
And the synchronicity of it
all is magical and wonderful.
So you literally -- I found
in my life when I'm really
in the flow, I'm just
going from one appointment
to the next appointment,
that I don't know
who I'm having an appointment
with, or where it's going to be,
or what's exactly
going to happen.
But it's like ah, here's another
situation, another circumstance
where it's getting --
where there's more magic,
more support, and
more movement forward,
more wonderful things coming
in, more health, more community,
more love, you know,
all these good things.
>> Lilou: Endless.
>> Nick Good: Yes,
endless; endless.
So grace is endless.
And what it really boils down
to is the purity of your heart.
That's basically what
it all boils down to,
is how pure is your
heart genuinely?
That means how do
you love yourself?
Are you demonstrating enough
love for yourself to eat
in a better way, to think
healthier, happier thoughts,
to dissolve your negative
emotional conditioning
and the patterns of
the internal dialogues
that you might have inherited
or you might have been
planning out for a long time?
Do you love yourself enough
to really connect with life
and move much deeper in life
than the matrix actually
keeps us trapped in?
And do you -- are you -- do
you genuinely love other people
and want to serve
and help others?
Is your life devoted
to helping others?
Are you essentially a healer,
you know, and a teacher,
and just by your way
of being, you know.
That's basically what
it comes down to,
and that's a very
natural evolution
of a human being on
a spiritual path.
It's not, "I wanted
to be a healer," or,
"I want to be a teacher, and I'm
going study and doing, doing,
doing all this to be this,
you know, individual."
No; it happens because
of qualities of being
that you uncover within
yourself as you remove
and dissolve the things that
aren't you, the vibrations
that aren't you, all
that kind of stuff,
the conditioning that's
been so imposed on you.
So it's a very, very,
very beautiful experience
that requires the
opening of the heart
and the tendering of the heart.
And a lot of this suffering
that we experience
tenderizes our heart.
And so the tenderness,
the beauty of that tenderness
is really what we connect --
what we're supposed to be
connecting with life with.
That's the organ of interface,
the tender sweet heartedness.
That's really what
life picks up on,
and defines the grace
-- the level of grace.
>> Lilou: So when you mean
"tender," you mean vulnerable,
you mean soft, you
mean ready to open?
What --
>> Nick Good: Yes.
It's -- you know, there's --
I haven't got it on today,
but I usually wear this
little thing of Jesus.
It's an old Catholic
picture of Jesus
where He's holding
His tunic open
and there's this
bleeding heart, you know.
And they -- it's -- the
warrior's heart bleeds.
I mean, you can't being
touched with reality,
the amount of suffering,
the degradation of nature,
the brutality that's
been visited upon women,
the suffering of children,
and child pornography,
sex slave trade, the born evil
that's active in the world,
you can't actually
being touched with that
and not feel some
kind of soul pain.
You know, this is why
the indigenous cultures,
you hang out with the indigenous
people and there's a deep, deep,
deep sadness, because they're
in touch with their souls,
and the human soul is in angst,
and Mother Earth is, you see.
And so a spiritual warrior
is in touch with that,
but has -- but accommodates it.
I accommodate it.
I accommodate that pain.
>> Lilou: You welcome
that pain; yes.
>> Nick Good: Yes; we have to.
We can't be in denial about it.
There's a beautiful quote
from -- and this is --
I know you guys are really
interested in education
at Gaiam TV, and so, you know,
what is education
really, what is it?
And so I specialize in
what I feel education is,
and it's understanding
how we actually work
and what life actually
really is.
The matrix is superimposed
upon something else.
And it's that something else
that we really want
to be connected with.
So it means living
deeper, living from depth,
living from depth within
yourself, seeing things
in a different way,
seeing through the illusion
and the façade of things, yes.
>> Lilou: If you're intuitive.
>> Nick Good: Yes.
And so there's a
beautiful quote from a book
by Glenda Green called "Love
Without End: Jesus Speaks."
And anyone that's confused
about the message of Jesus
and doesn't -- you know,
is repulsed by the
religious viewpoint on it all,
I highly recommend "Love
With End: Jesus Speaks."
But it doesn't say anything that
you can't get from the Bible
if you understand
spiritual truth,
if you know what
you're looking for.
So this is one of my
favorite topics is --
because it's kind of like
translating what Jesus meant
really and truly, and what the
original church, the original --
when the -- after the --
after Jesus had resurrected
and been 40 days
with the disciples
and they'd all set
fire to their --
spiritually set fire to the
place, and they were all,
you know, raising the
dead and healing the sick,
and all the rest of it.
That fire went out
into the world.
And it's an unstoppable fire,
and it's still blazing today.
But immediately the Roman
Empire, which, you know,
they were the controlling
force, the invading force,
and they acted very swiftly,
and they created the
Roman Catholic religion,
and they created the Holy
Bible at the Council of Nicea
in the 3rd Century, 300 years
after all this went down.
So they kept it and tried
to manipulate the core
pure message of Jesus.
And so it's been
terribly distorted.
But one of the things
that you notice --
I certainly have as you travel
the world, is you go to any
of these really dark
old European countries
and South American countries
where Catholicism is still,
you know, really entrenched
in the culture, and the memory
of the brutality, and the
ill-treatment of women
and children and all the
rest of it, the child abuse,
all of that stuff, is in-soaked
into the fabric of the culture
of the villages, the old women
how sad and heavy they are.
There's a beauty that comes
through that can never, ever,
ever, ever, ever be
destroyed by control systems,
by falsifying scriptures,
by editing things,
by removing stuff, because
it's a spiritual truth.
>> Lilou: Yes.
>> Nick Good: It's a
living truth that is all
about the quality of human
being, and we innately know --
our souls know who they are,
which is like seeds planted
in the substance of life.
And we're growing, and
we know who we are.
We know what we are.
And so these -- you know, a lot
of these old ladies have just,
you know, they're
such an inspiration,
because no matter all of that
heavy, heavy, heavy darkness,
the shame, and the
guilt, and the sorrow,
there's a sweet beauty coming
through from this
tenderhearted goodness.
And this is the thing that will
win through no matter what.
You can't, can't stop it.
It doesn't matter what they do.
It's irrelevant.
So the grace transcends
everything.
But this quote I
wanted to tell you,
Jesus said that history
repeats itself generation
after generation, because
of judgment and denial.
Judgment and denial cause
ruptures in the flow of life.
And then the universe fills
those ruptures very quickly
with the very things
our objections deny.
So I'll just make
that even simpler.
What he's saying is, is that
there is a flow to life.
You have a life flow.
I have a life flow.
There's a flow to our --
there's a current to life.
It's invisible.
And it can pick you up no
matter what situation you're in,
you might be penniless,
you might be getting thrown
out of your house,
you might be --
your relationship
might be dreadful,
you might be an alcoholic,
you might be a mass
murderer, it doesn't matter.
If you can get in touch with
that through your heart,
the movement of your heart,
the quality of your heart,
it will pick you up,
and it will carry you
into wonderful, beautiful
futures.
And it will do it in a
very, very practical way.
It will synchronistically bring
people that you need to meet.
It will give you books
that you need to read.
It will play you music
that you need to hear.
Things will happen.
And it will guide you --
life will guide you
into circumstances
which are basically initiator.
You're initiators.
This is your next opportunity.
>> Lilou: But is there like
your process that you found out,
or some things that can
help us along the way,
or it's really just about
jumping out of this --
off this cliff and
in the unknown
and letting grace carry us?
>> Nick Good: Well, it's
definitely processes,
and it's definitely techniques,
there's definitely
protocols that can help.
But everyone is an
individual, you see?
The soul is like a snowflake.
There's never been a snowflake
that's fallen that's been the
same as another one.
And so one of the
things to do --
what I try and do is I
sift through the, you know,
modalities and the techniques,
and I extract the golden threads
of truth that are relevant
to lots of different ones.
That little quote that I
just told you right there,
stay out of judgment
and stay out of denial.
Number one, if you can pull
that one off, that's incredible.
That's incredible; because
I'll tell you how it works.
We're in a -- the
physical body exists
in a physical material world,
which is an energy construct,
and in order for time-space
continuum to exist,
time and space, that's the
substance of time and space,
the fabric of time and space,
which is curved and spirals,
in order for that to exist,
you have to have polarity.
You have to have a
positive and negative
in the electromagnetic spectrum,
so you have opposites, yes?
Within that there's a
flow within that current,
there's a natural life flow.
If you resist polarizing
your opinions, okay,
this is a big secret here.
This is very, very deep, and
I'm telling you right now.
For instance, when we see
all of this dreadful stuff
that the governments are doing,
the governments are supporting,
we go a little deeper down
the rabbit hole and we awaken
through this shocking
horror of what's going
on behind the scenes, and has
been for a very long time.
If we can resist judging it,
but not be in denial about it --
>> Lilou: Yes.
>> Nick Good: -- okay, so
we don't deny it, it exists.
Evil is a simple fact
of life in this world.
But I'm not going to judge
it, because when I do,
I polarize myself in this
time-space continuum,
and I stand opposite it,
and I say, "That is wrong.
That is bad.
I am not into it."
You know, I'm standing
here opposing it.
What that does it is
reinforces polarity, yes.
So it basically feeds --
>> Lilou: It feeds what
they're looking for.
>> Nick Good: Yes.
And they want emotional
response,
especially of low vibration.
That's what they want.
The trick is this, is there
is a place inside of you
which is the epicenter of
your being, the epicenter
of where this electromagnetic
spectrum spirals out from.
That epicenter you
can call your soul,
you can call it the zero point,
you can call it whatever
you want, but it exists.
It's an epicenter.
Quantum signs -- signs actually
is actually very fine, it's
existence, a tiny point
of light in the center
of your physical body,
a tiny point of light.
>> Lilou: A spark.
>> Nick Good: Yes,
a spark of light.
So we call that the soul, yes,
just for -- that's the soul.
>> Lilou: And so that
was the home of the soul.
>> Nick Good: Well, the
-- what you call what?
>> Lilou: The heart
was the heart
of -- the home of the soul.
>> Nick Good: Well,
that's what I'm saying,
that's the epicenter there, yes.
Now, the yogis would say
that the sea of consciousness
is here.
The Taoist practitioners
would say it's here in the lower
down here, yes?
What we're talking about is
a metaphysical phenomena.
So it transcends the
space-time continuum.
So it's not anywhere in there.
So it can be all of these
3 places simultaneously.
You see what I mean?
>> Lilou: Yes.
>> Nick Good: Yes.
And so this is the mindset
that we need to nurture.
We need to be able to open
our minds and expand our minds
to accommodate everything that
is good and bad in the world,
and connect with a
truth, a living truth,
the power that transcends
it all.
And then you, the physical
person, which isn't who you are,
if you are that epicenter
of consciousness,
if you are the spiritual being,
this is just a projection
into this amazing movie
screen called life.
When you do that,
this little puppet
in the muppet show
becomes a very more --
much more empowered, and is
able to find the flow in life,
and isn't chopping it with
his judgment, and his denial.
And then the universe
pours itself like concrete
into those things, because
we have emotional response
to stuff, we get very
self-opinionated and we say,
blah, blah, blah,
and we're beating the drum.
This is what Abraham
and Abraham-Hicks,
anyone who wants educating
about vibrational --
the importance of
your vibrations,
check into the Abraham-Hicks
stuff.
We bang the drum, whatever
our dominant thoughts are,
our dominant emotions, dominant
feelings, we're banging, bang,
bang, bang, bang,
bang this drum.
Life listens to that
drum all the time.
And we magnetize to
ourselves more often
than not the things we don't
want, not the things that we do.
This is why most people's lives
are going down the spiral,
because they are faced with,
you know, debt, with toxicity,
with their being poisoned, their
being brainwashed, and they are.
They're being driven into, you
know, some form of slavery.
And so that's scary, and it
doesn't make you feel good.
So what's going to happen
if you're banging the drum,
or if I'm frightened
then I don't feel good.
Life is going to give
you a frightening reality
that doesn't make you feel good.
So this is fundamental
stuff here.
>> Lilou: It is.
>> Nick Good: So we need to
really look at this and go,
"Okay, I need to feel good if
I want to live a good life.
I need to feel amazing if
I want an amazing life.
And I need to feel like I
am above it all if I want
to live a life that
transcends the matrix," you see.
And so this is where the
daily lifestyle comes in,
our daily rituals, the daily
protocols, the attention
to detail in our lives
physically, mentally,
emotionally, and spiritually.
>> Lilou: Yes.
On a nutritional
level, for example,
what do you think
we're deficient
of that is preventing
us from raising above?
>> Nick Good: Well,
we're deficient of --
the main deficiency is
a spiritual, mental,
and emotional anorexia.
>> Lilou: It's all entangled.
>> Nick Good: We're starving
of spiritual presence,
genuine spiritual nourishment,
which comes in the form
of pure peace and blessed,
which means that our brain is
functioning in something called
"the alpha, beta, delta
wave frequencies."
That means it slows down instead
of the beta very, very quick,
stressing out, this
massive to do list to do,
going from one thing
to the other.
I've got to drop the kids off,
I've got to go to the bank,
caught in the traffic and
all this stuff keeps you
in that, yes.
We are starving for deep
relaxation, for bliss,
for higher states
of consciousness.
These are very, very real
thing I'm talking about now.
Psychologically we're starving
from the same states
of consciousness.
Emotionally we're starving
from the nourishment that comes
from simply existing in harmony
and connection with the depth
of life, instead of
what's just on the surface.
That's where we're
really starving.
So what do we do?
We go and stuff and
shovel, and try
and feel fulfillment from food.
Most of our drives for food are
coming from emotional addiction,
emotional instability,
emotional problems,
psychological problems, habits,
and patterns that
do not serve us.
And we're trapped in it.
You know, most people
are trapped in it.
So first of all, we have
to get the context right.
I'm more -- I'm a -- the soul of
the epicenter of consciousness
that we're talking about
here is like a camera lens.
It's like this camera that
I'm looking at right now.
And I am in control
of that lens.
If I'm in control of my
mind, if I have the ability
to breathe consciously,
if I have a solid practice
where I practice
self-mastery every day,
which is just basically
breathing and thinking
in the different way
that isn't associated
with the beta state
and the matrix stuff.
So that means meditation,
chi gong, communion
with nature, gardening, these
are all practices
that it just allows me to sink
in with my deeper sense of self.
If I don't have that, then
I'm just overwhelmed by life,
and I'm just in the ego flood.
I'm just being carried along
down the river of fate,
circumstances going
from the next problem
to the next challenge, dealing
with stuff that is coming
to get me, kind of thing,
rather than me actually
consciously creating my reality
just through resonance, just
through my state of being.
You understand how that
works, vibrational magnetism,
my vibrational state based
on my spiritual attunement,
my psychological health, and my
emotional sanity, and purity.
When those things are
discordant and toxic,
I attract to myself a
discordant and toxic reality.
It can't be any other way.
And that is going to wake me up.
And that's what humanity is
getting, is the big slaps
from what it's created, is
looking at what it's created,
the machine, this -- what it
supports, this government,
industrial, pharmaceutical,
military machine
that is literally raping and
pillaging all over the planet
with no regard for the
sanctity of nature,
or human beings' lives.
You know, it's a
dreadful, dreadful thing.
So if I'm supporting that and
I'm in it, and I'm just trying
to do the best I can in it, and
make the best of what we've got,
that's not going to do anything.
It's not going to do anything,
because you're just
going with that thing.
What we need to do it step
out of that, have the courage
to step out of that, and
this is the hero's journey.
This is the journey of the hero.
This is the hero's journey.
It's a spiritual journey,
it's an internal journey,
and so it's a very, very, very,
very, very simple journey,
because it boils down to
moving from here into here.
It's a very short journey.
You know, how long is
that, about 18 inches?
But it can take you
your whole life,
and it can involve
tremendous changes.
And what we're seeing
is, is that individuals,
millions of us, are
waking up little by little.
But what we need
to understand is
that we have to go all the way.
It's not enough to have
-- do a bit of meditation,
to do a bit of yoga, to
eat a bit of raw food,
or some super foods, and still
be in the machine and running
around on the -- you
know, in the rat race.
It's not enough.
What we need to do
is step out of
that into the next grandest
version of ourselves.
And this is where the stage is.
You have to go to your
own stage, your own pace,
your own rhythm, your own cycle
in a way that's absolutely
unique for you as an individual,
which only you can decide.
And it comes from your guidance,
following your impulses,
making your mistakes,
tracking back, "Oh, okay,
I should have turned left there
instead of turning right."
"I should have said
this, instead of that."
"I should have done
"Okay. I know, 'Ouch
that hurt, thank you,
I've got the message."
You know, and off we go.
And then you reinforce
the choices that you make,
that you decide, "Okay.
This is the direction that I
want to go in, in my life."
Then you have to
practice visualizing that.
We have to have hold
of our imaginations.
Einstein said that
imagination was more important
than knowledge.
That's Einstein; more
important than knowledge.
You think about that, and
how important in knowledge?
Well, according to Einstein
imagination is more important.
And this is very, very,
very important what I'm telling
you right now, to have control
of your own imagination,
to possess your mind,
to really be master
of your own mind.
So you think what you want to
think when you want to think it.
You imagine what
you want to imagine,
when you want to imagine it.
And you don't do
it unconsciously,
you do it consciously.
It is -- with the heart
is like the engine.
Okay; the purity of your heart,
the purity of your heart,
the quality of your
heart, is like the engine
that drives everything.
But your imagination
sets the direction
that that engine is going into.
Another way of putting it,
your heart is like the genie
that makes things happen.
But the imagination is what
you tell the genie to manifest.
You understand?
>> Lilou: Yes.
>> Nick Good: Yes.
And so most people's
minds are so conditioned
with the vibrations
of the machine.
Very interesting.
I mean, this is why
negativity and evil is a wonder.
It is most wondrous, it's
absolutely mind-blowing.
I find it heartily fascinating,
really and truly,
because it's so clever, based
on an absolutely crystal
clear understanding
of how the human being works.
And what they do
is they are trying
to own the vibrational
realm, okay?
So that means they have
to possess your mind.
So first of all, they want to
keep you in a vibrational state,
they want your brain
literally vibrating at a speed
that shuts you out of your
deeper sense of sense.
You see; like that
seed is planted in life
and knows it's a beautiful tree.
They want to keep you in
the surface of vibrations,
the surface recordings,
the things that you've
been conditioned
with from this lifetime, from
education, so-called education
from the media, from
entertainment,
the entertainment industry,
with all of its violence.
It's not a coincidence that
there's so much violence
that passes for entertainment,
and has been doing for ever
since television was invented;
and of course big-screen movies.
Music; they changed
the chromatic scale,
they changed the frequencies of
how we tune our instruments away
from solfeggio to
chromatic, which is out of tune
with our natural --
the natural attunement
of our energy centers
in our bodies.
So vibrationally we're being hit
with our favorite music is very
often slightly discordant to us,
so it keeps us just a
little bit out of tune.
And of course the music that
we don't like, you know,
the heavy rock, the really --
you know, the thrash and the --
you know, the really
heavy, heavy, heavy stuff,
it's still using the same
frequencies, the same tuning,
but it's driving in a
completely different way.
And it's very obvious to some
people when music is discordant,
but it's still guitars,
musical instruments still tuned
to the same thing.
Time; they've done it with time
chronologically, they shifted
from the moon cycles into PNR
calendars attuned
to the moon, and as planting and
living in tune with moon cycles
and nature's rhythms, into
the Gregorian calendar.
Pope Gregory; this is all --
you know, these are
actions of the Roman --
what was the Roman Empire,
working through the
Roman Catholic --
with the Roman Catholic
Church, which is --
nowadays is still the same
controlling entity behind the
scenes, but it's got
different fronts, much --
many, many, many, many
more different fronts.
So the chronology has
been shifted as well.
So we're out of sync
with the time
of the natural rhythms
and cycles of life.
And of course they
compound it with the food.
The chemicals in the food are
very, very, very important
for creating discordance
and toxicity within us.
And the water, the
poisons in the water,
the poisons in the air, and
just that they have the EMF's,
the electromagnetic frequencies,
you see, so vibrational attack
on a physical, mental,
emotional, and spiritual being
for the purposes of control.
And so it's good to know this.
You know, it's really good to
know this, but it doesn't mean
that we have to be wallowing in
it, in judgment, or not looking
at it in denial, you
know, which is --
judgment is a big mistake
that all the conspiracy
researchers make, you know,
all of them, every
single one of them.
There isn't one of them who's
really standing in power
and really empowering
people in the way
that people can be
empowered, and the power
that they can stand in;
none of them at all.
They are pointing the finger
over there, screaming loudly,
looking at the mess that evil
is, and picking up all the shit
of evil and going,
"Look at this shit.
Look at this shit.
Isn't it dreadful?
Doesn't it stink?
Isn't it horrible?
Look what it's doing
to your life."
Yes, we know.
We know. It's not news.
You know, this is
not news anymore.
We understand this.
This has been, you know, fact
of life for a very long time.
What we need to do is transcend
it and come into real power
where we can accommodate it.
We can accommodate it.
We can find room for
it in our graciousness,
still maintain our
poise, and live a life
that shuts out completely.
So we actually are on --
vibrationally on a
completely different frequency.
You see?
>> Lilou: Yes; because we need
that, we need to realize it,
we need to realize
the situation,
because then we can transmute
that energy and use it --
>> Nick Good: Yes.
>> Lilou: -- for the good.
>> Nick Good: Absolutely;
and that's [overlapping].
>> Lilou: I really do feel
it's part of the process.
>> Nick Good: Yes; that's
what we've got to do.
That's exactly it.
And there's seeds of this
phenomena in the world.
Our -- and they're
there for a very, very,
very, very good reason.
And we -- it's humble
-- it's humility to --
excuse me, it's humility,
humble.
We don't know the
reason exactly.
We know it's a motivational
force.
We know it's a catalyst to make
us change, because we need to,
you know, shift out
of the comfort zone.
We really need to wake up, and
very, very, very, very quickly,
because it's not a joke.
There's no guarantees
in this world at all
about your salvation, the
salvation of your soul,
the safety of your
family, your children,
the future of humanity.
There's no guarantees
whatsoever.
There's a tremendous amount of
disinformation being perpetrated
on purpose through -- especially
through the New Age Movement,
when we hear of all
kinds of, you know,
saviors coming to save us.
Organized religion is --
you know, when we really do the
research, these things are not
in tune with the original
teachers and founders
of the movements that these
religions came out of.
These are things that
have been engineered.
And so it's like,
okay, well maybe it is
down to us as individuals.
You know, maybe it is.
So what I feel honestly is I
have tremendous faith and love
for God, love for the
Almighty presence.
But it needs to be translated
into the nitty-gritty
and practicalities of life how
I improve myself, physically,
mentally, emotionally,
and spiritually,
and how I can help others and
support others in doing it
as well, so that we all become
empowered, and we actually start
to live in tune with the
real messages of Jesus,
and of Buddha, and of all
the great spiritual teachers,
which say, "You can do
greater things than me.
You can do this as well.
What I've done is to inspire
you, not to get you graveling
around on the floor
and, you know, thinking,
"I'm going to come and
sort your stuff out."
That's not what life's for.
Life is for us to -- it gives
us an opportunity to awaken,
and we are in something right
now, this world, this matrix,
that is 3-dimensional, and
when we think something,
when we say something,
when we feel something,
the manifestation,
the consequences
of that happens slowly,
relatively slowly for some
of us, pretty quickly
for others, yes?
And it's getting faster,
and faster, and faster.
So we have to be able to
master our imaginations,
and the emotion, the emotive
energy that's coming through it.
And when we live from
depth, we become less driven
by our reactive emotions, and
more empowered by our feelings,
by our sweet feelings, our
pure feelings, the feelings
of goodness, the virtues
that naturally exist
in the heart and in the soul.
This virtual path, this great
journey, the heroes' journey,
the warriors' journey, spiritual
warriors' journey, isn't a path
of adding to myself,
improving myself by adding,
it's a path of letting go, of
shedding, of realizing things,
of growing up, of awakening,
of just all seeing
more clearly, you see?
And that's a beautiful
thing, because part
of the disinformation that is
promoted and has been a lot
in the self-help movement,
the self-improvement
personal development,
and certainly New Age -- a lot
of New Age teachers, you know,
you can have huge volumes
of things, of, you know,
we've got to learn all this, all
these different things, very,
very complicated mantras,
complicated spiritual practices,
austerities, you know,
things that really, really,
really take a long time, can
be painful, years, and years,
and years, and years, and
years, and years of practice.
Not at all.
None of that is necessary.
All that's really required is
to shift -- slow the brain down,
which is cooling the thoughts,
which meditation helps you do,
there's no doubt about it,
but mostly to be focused
on your own breath.
This is basically what I
can boil down everything,
that if these were my last
dying words, and I had something
of a word to say, I'd say,
"Breathe the love of life.
Breathe the love of
life with every breath."
>> Lilou: And release?
>> Nick Good: And
radiate blessings out.
>> Lilou: So you don't even
release the toxic thoughts.
>> Nick Good: Negativity;
there's no need to,
because they only exist
in the most superficial
levels of your being.
The thing is, you
want to get real.
That means dropping down
into who you truly are,
which transcends all of it.
The home mountain -- like
we could sit here all day.
I could have the top conspiracy
theorist in the world,
David Icke, Jordan Maxwell,
Michael Sarian,
any of those guys
sitting here with me,
and I could let them
talk all day,
and list everything that's
bad, everything that's wrong,
how dreadful it all is,
how controlled we are,
how they've got us absolutely,
and just going on, and on,
and on, and on, and on, all day.
And I could say, "Can
we just take a breath?"
>> Lilou: Yes.
David Icke himself will change
a lot I feel, though.
>> Nick Good: Yes.
>> Lilou: He's more and
more into the love topic,
and when he speaks about
that, boy, is he powerful.
>> Nick Good: Yes.
He has changed a lot,
and he always had --
but he always had it.
>> Lilou: Yes.
>> Nick Good: You know,
the truth vibration's
right from the beginning.
I know David Icke personally.
I've been to his house,
I've hung out with him,
but his diet is absolutely
dreadful.
He's a very unhealthy
physical guy.
He has a lot of toxicity
and acidity in his system.
He's crippled with
arthritis in his hands.
Did you know that?
>> Lilou: Hmm.
>> Nick Good: He
has dreadful pain.
That man suffers needlessly
through an extremely toxic diet.
His second wife called
us several times here,
and when we try to, you know, I
offered to accommodate him here
to put him through a cleanse,
to get him on the program,
to help him, you know,
really come into like
physical embodiment
of what he's preaching; because
it's very important we offer the
physical embodiments,
not just mentally,
not just philosophically,
no we need to be cellular.
And we can do that.
We can totally do that.
But yes, I agree, he's
definitely -- he's on it.
I check his stuff out
a lot on the far --
I subscribe, I've been a
supporter of his for years.
But every time I do an interview
with him, I don't even use it,
because it's just too much
negative charge in it.
What we need to be able
to do is look at all this
and have a neutral charge.
It's neutrality that allows
us to access 0 point energy,
which is where the power comes
from to offset it completely,
because it doesn't matter how
long this has been going on.
We can talk about the reptilian
agenda, and many people do.
You know, many, many people do,
not just David Icke, many very,
very, very switched
on researchers.
You know, you can, you know, see
all these quotes in the Bible,
in some of the scriptures
that the Bible was based
on from the Sumerian text.
There's tremendous evidence,
architectural evidence,
artistic evidence, scriptural
evidence, the Narkomanie texts.
There's tons of it.
And I've researched it all.
There's no shortage of proof
that this phenomena exists.
But the thing is, 260,000
years, 13,000 years,
quarter of a million
years, whatever you want,
it's nothing compared to
eternity, absolutely nothing.
>> Lilou: And nothing compared
to what we going to radiate out.
>> Nick Good: Exactly.
So but if we are in touch
with that eternal --
into our own internal nature,
through that heart-centered
scared-hearted awareness,
where we're actually really
connecting it with the faith,
the certainty faith doesn't
wobble around.
It's not one day I'm, you know,
I've got a positive message
and the next day I've got
a negative message, no.
It's an unshakable
state of being.
In sand script -- the old sand
script word is called "nisjay,"
where you can walk
through the fire without faith,
without sacred-hearted
faith, and knowing this.
And you are immune to
a wall, absolutely.
You're immune to it.
And that's what we need is
that vibrational certainty,
that vibrational solidity,
based on love and faith.
And then we can accommodate
evil easily.
You know what I mean, it's
like it's not a big deal.
You naturally feel that
because you're in touch
with your eternal nature.
It becomes much smaller
than a grain of sand.
It's like I was saying about the
lens of the camera, the soul,
we have the ability to be
like the ego, and just look
at something under a microscope,
which is like what a lot
of the conspiracy
researchers do.
We can wind the lens
back, right back --
>> Lilou: And see
the big picture.
>> Nick Good: -- and see
the really big picture,
and understand that yes,
consciousness is in danger
of being trapped,
enmeshed in a sticky web
of a low-vibrational matrix.
And millions, and millions,
and millions, and millions
of souls are stuck in
that web right now.
And it is absolutely horrible,
dreadful, dreadful suffering.
But what's the point
of me getting
into the vibrational
feeling state of that?
All that does is make
me stuck in there.
>> Lilou: Yes.
>> Nick Good: We need
to liberate ourselves,
and that doesn't mean
you have to move.
It doesn't mean you
have to leave your job.
It doesn't mean you have
to leave your family.
Doesn't mean you have
to change your diet.
What it does mean, though, is
that you have to start thinking
and feeling in a
completely different way,
and allowing your sonki,
this lens,
to go through an extraordinary
process of transformation
where a tremendous amount
of psychological
content will come up,
and it has to be
processed and integrated.
And that can be overwhelming.
The toxicity, the discordance
that exist in the psyche,
that psyche is a name for
the mind, the feeling, body,
that is part of the soul.
It interfaces with the
spiritual part of our being,
and also the physical
part of our being.
It's my psyche.
It's your psyche.
So the vibrational content
in there that is toxic
and discordant, is far
greater than the, you know,
toxicity that we
have in our bowels.
You know, it has
tremendous depth,
because the bowel
toxicity, the blood toxicity,
the organ toxicity is
just from this lifetime.
The psyche has the
ancestral content in there.
The soul has this
incarnational content in there.
And those are the levels
that we need to clear very,
very quickly, because we are
in this thing called life,
and no matter what we hear
about how much control these
negative influences have,
they don't have control
over life.
All they do is dominate
and manipulate our world,
the 3D world, and the
matrix part of that world.
You can exist in this
world in a reality that is
out of the matrix, and we
are here in a portal NoniLand
on the Island of Kauai, that
exists outside of this matrix.
We live in grace here.
>> Lilou: Out of the grid.
>> Nick Good: Yes.
And there's off-the-grid
physically, electric and water
and all the rest of it,
being solar powered.
And there's off-the-grid
psychologically
and psycho-spiritually,
and psycho-emotionally.
And that's very, very, very
important to make that shift.
So this is the depth of
the nature of the thing.
So I hope I'm presenting
this in a practical way.
So I'm not saying it's easy,
but I am saying it's simple.
And what I am saying is, is that
if you listen to your guidance,
if you really take the
time to connect with life,
if you spend more
time in nature,
more time nurturing
yourself, doing the things
that you know are right and
good for yourself, understanding
that there is a trap being
set, and many, many, many,
many individuals are caught in
it, and that the consequences
of being caught in that trap are
extremely serious, not a joke,
no guarantees whatsoever, none
at all, and I don't care what,
that you are going to get a free
ride out of there, or, you know,
airlifted out of there,
or rescued in some way,
no guarantees whatsoever.
It's down to you as an
individual to orient yourself
in a certain way to liberate
you from that right now;
right now you can do that.
And yet you can shift back
into it in the next moment,
you can allow your mind to
wander, your imagination
to change its form, your
feeling state to shift
and become emotional reactive
and judgmental, and get back
into the denial, or whatever.
Of course you can.
But that's where
your responsibility
of the spiritual
warrior comes in,
is to keep practicing
self-mastery, awareness
and attitude, awareness
and attitude all the time.
Those are the only 2 controls
that we have over our psyche.
Where's my awareness right now?
Am I just shutting down and
just talking to the camera here
from my perspective on reality?
Or am I actually open and
really connected in my heart
to the eternal nature of
things, and I can feel the flow,
flow through my being.
And I feel the love
and that real beauty,
the beauty of the grace
that is all around us,
and laps against the
shores in my soul.
I can literally bring myself
into a different vibrational
reality than myself if I shift
out of that and start
stressing about things.
Completely different
world living in.
And so this is grace
versus, you know,
ignorance, living in ignorance.
And this is precisely
the teachings of Jesus
when he boiled down
the Ten Commandments
to love the Lord thy God
with all your heart and mind
and soul, and love thy
neighbors yourself.
He's just saying love thy
invisible almighty presence
with total commitment,
all the time 24/7,
and just go out and
do good things.
Do good things.
Help people.
It's very, very simple, so.
>> Lilou: Thank you, Nick.
Passionate Nick.
>> Nick Good: Yes.
>> Lilou: Beautiful.
This was very super foods for
the spirit and thoughts here.
>> Nick Good: Yes.
>> Lilou: Thank you.
>> Nick Good: Yes, totally.
And to, you know, the fruit
thing, you know, I know you want
to talk about that,
it is important.
It is --
>> Lilou: Maybe we
can do a part 2 --
>> Nick Good: Yes.
>> Lilou: -- on another side
of the planet, or maybe here
in Kauai with the food.
>> Nick Good: Yes, yes.
>> Lilou: Yes?
>> Nick Good: And if they want
some more information on that,
you can get a lot of good
free resources if you go
to mysuperherotraining.com;
mysuperherotraining.com.
And that -- like I said,
that's a website I set
up with some friends of mine.
And it's literally a school
for becoming a superhero.
And --
>> Lilou: Woo-hoo.
>> Nick Good: -- so I
think you'll enjoy it;
a lot of free resources there.
>> Lilou: Thank you.
Thank you, Nick.
Thank you, my beautiful
co-creators
for watching this amazing
video and interview
with Nick Good here
in Kauai on NoniLand.
Thank you.
>> Nick Good: Thank you, Lilou.
>> Lilou: Much aloha.
>> Nick Good: Aloha.
[ Music ]